hi welcome to global counter marketing
site so here is the book global content
marketing it's based on my experience
working in the global role of a big
enterprise and I worked very closely
with various marketing functions
business unit and a different country
marketing team to craft a scalable
global go to market plan then I worked
with them to execute it so this book is
based on my experience my learning my
knowledge of course my mistakes and I
crafted a framework to put all that
knowledge together and the framework is
called the four PS of a global content
marketing plan produce promote and
perfect obviously plan is to have a
strategy in place produce is about
crafting your editorial plan and the
content creation schedule promote is the
syndication of your content to different
channels perfect is about optimizing and
the measuring of your content on
continuous basis so if you are working
with the different teams to scale your
content across the region check out this
book I think you will find it useful if
if you read a book and you can't find
anything useful compelling no worries
go to panda no calm schedule call with
me go to the contact tab schedule call I
want to hear your challenges and I want
to come up with actionable and workable
solution for you so schedule a call with
me if you find nothing compelling in the
book before I end this video I actually
have an ala news to share with you I
have my second book which just published
recently effective sales enablement and
this book is really a sales enablement
book written by a marketer I'm a
marketer through and through for
marketers if you are marketers
supporting your
Sales Team you will find some creative
and the health of Nuggets in the bulk if
you are salespeople sales operation or
sales enablement managers working very
closely with your marketing team you
might find ideas in terms of how you can
better communicate and collaborate with
your marketing team from this book ok so
two bucks Global Content Marketing
effective sales enablement and it's kind
of niche topics I know so if you are
working on supporting the sales team or
creating content check out both bucks
and let me know what you think I would
love to hear from you thanks a lot bye
you